>> Burke Holland: One last
thing on visual stuff, and
then I'm gonna let y'all work a little
bit on customizing your own editor.
There is an extension that is made by
a fellow named John Papa called Peacock.
It's a very interesting extension so
I wanna talk about it,
simple but interesting.
I've included it, if you open,
if you go and search for
peacock, you can see peacock,
enter a color.
So I'm gonna go ahead and do that.
The only hex color I can
ever remember is this
one,
>> Burke Holland: Which is blue.
Let's see, FF, I think Salmon is like
FA 707A, something like that.
Yeah, there we go.
Nice salmon colors.
I can remember two colors.
All right, so
you can see what's happened here is that
it's changed the title bar to that color.
The reason why this is helpful if
we go to VS code settings here,
you'll see it's been added here,
peacock color.
The reason why this is helpful is because
you might have multiple instances
of VS code open at the same time.
So if we were to open another instance
of VS code like this one here.
So they're both themed now but
you can set the title bar colors on
individual instances, and so if you're
working with maybe an API project and
a front end project at the same time,
you can set one to green and one to blue.
And then you can immediately by looking at
the title bar know which project you're
looking at.
So it's a very helpful extension.
It will also theme the activity bar and
the status bar.
It does a lot of other stuff.
I just theme the top bar because
that's enough for me to know.
>> Burke Holland: One final note here,
I have included an extension
called bracket pair colorizer.
You'll see it.
Actually let me turn off this.
I don't want to a salmon title bar here.
So let me take this off.
>> Burke Holland: Put this back,
all right.
>> Burke Holland: See these
brackets how they're yellow and
you can barely see them.
It's because it's in a light theme.
I've given you the bracket pair colorizer
extension cuz some people really like it.
It works well with dark themes.
So I'm gonna switch to a dark theme.
Let's see here, color theme and
let's switch over to night owl.
All right, so
what the bracket-pair colorizer does is it
changes the colors of matching brackets.
So now I can look at this line and
see, well, this ends here, and
it's easier for me to see that
just by looking at the colors.
But if you have a light theme,
it's not so great as you just saw,
so I don't use the bracket-pair colorizer,
but if you're using a dark theme,
you should take a look at that.
So I'm actually going to go ahead and
disable the bracket period colorizer.
So with that, what you should do, if you
haven't been doing it along with me for
the next few minutes, is go through and
the exercise is here,
install the themes and go ahead and
get your editor customized.
You may decide that you don't wanna do
all of the customizations that I did, but
if you do, just remember,
you're wrong, I'm right.
You should have done the customizations.
If you wanna keep your sidebar on
the left, keep it on the left.
A lot of people feel comfortable there.